Doc'd that users with unusable passwords cannot request a password reset. (#15346)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/auth.txt

        You may need this if authentication for your application takes place
        against an existing external source such as an LDAP directory.

>         .. note::
>             Users marked with an unusable password will not
>             able to request a password reset email via
>             :class:`~django.contrib.auth.views.PasswordResetView`.

Reviewer: We try to avoid having bare notes in the docs, we prefer admonitions with meaningful titles. For example:

```suggestion
        .. admonition:: Password reset restriction
            Users having an unusable password will not able to request a
            password reset email via
            :class:`~django.contrib.auth.views.PasswordResetView`.
```

Author: Thank you! I've incorporated your suggestion in my patch :)
